UI configuration for kubeOVN docs (#1099)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/hostnetworkconfig.md

For static mode: valid CIDR addresses are prepared for each node.
For underlay selection: the HostNetworkConfig must span all nodes in the cluster.

### Configuring the Host Networks

#### Host Network Configuration without Node Selectors

1. On the Harvester UI, go to **Networks > Host Networks**.

1. Click **Create**.

    ![](/img/hnc-1.png)

1. Specify a unique name for the host network.

1. On the **Mode** tab, configure the following settings:

    - **Mode**:
      - `DHCP` IP address will be assigned to the host network interface from DHCP server.
      - `Static` IP address provided by users.
    - Cluster network

>     - VLAN ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Mode**: Specify how IP addresses are assigned to the host network interface.
      - **DHCP**: Automatically assigns IP addresses from a DHCP server.
      - **Static**: Requires you to manually specify the IP address, subnet mask, and gateway.
    - **Cluster Network**: Select the cluster network to associate with this host network.
    - **VLAN ID**: Specify the VLAN ID for tagged traffic.
```

Author: modified as "Requires you to manually specify the IP address in CIDR format for each node in the cluster"

1. Click **Create**.

#### Host Network Configuration with Node Selectors

1. On the Harvester UI, go to **Networks > Host Networks**.

1. Click **Create**.

>     ![](/img/hnc-2.png)

Reviewer: Remove this line. I placed the image in the Node Selector step.

1. Specify a unique name for the host network.

1. On the **Mode** tab, configure the following settings:

    - **Mode**:
      - `DHCP` IP address will be assigned to the host network interface from DHCP server.
      - `Static` IP address provided by users.
    - cluster network

>     - VLAN ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Mode**: Specify how IP addresses are assigned to the host network interface.
      - **DHCP**: Automatically assigns IP addresses from a DHCP server.
      - **Static**: Requires you to manually specify the IP address, subnet mask, and gateway.
    - **Cluster network**: Select the cluster network to associate with this host network.
    - **VLAN ID**: Specify the VLAN ID for tagged traffic.
```

1. **Node Selector**: Add a `key` and `value` pair matching the labels from nodes in the cluster.

>                       Host Network configuration is applied only to nodes matching the node's `key/value` pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Node Selector** tab, define rules that match specific labels applied to nodes.
    
    Harvester applies the host network configuration only to nodes targeted by the defined node selector rules.

    ![](/img/hnc-2.png)
```

1. Click **Create**.

#### Configuring the Underlay of the Harvester Overlay Networking

By default, KubeOVN uses the management interface `(mgmt-br.<vlan>)` as the underlay tunnel interface for inter-node VM traffic. You can designate any HostNetworkConfig with a configured VLAN interface as the underlay instead.
Why Change the Underlay?

Separates VM inter-node (VXLAN) traffic from management traffic, reducing contention.
Allows use of a dedicated physical NIC and VLAN for VM traffic.
Enforces network best practices in environments where the management plane must be isolated from the data plane.

How to Set the Underlay:

> Select the checkbox `underlay` under the host network configuration to enable a user configured underlay interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **Underlay** option to enable a custom underlay interface on the host network.
```

```

Reverting to the Default Underlay:

> Clear the checkbox `underlay` under the host network configuration to disable the option.The agent restores the ovn.kubernetes.io/tunnel_interface annotation to the default management interface and KubeOVN reconfigures tunnel endpoints accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clear the **Underlay** option to disable the custom underlay interface. The agent restores the `ovn.kubernetes.io/tunnel_interface` annotation to the default management interface, and Kube-OVN reconfigures the tunnel endpoints accordingly.
```
